In this section, we will talk briefly about installing Helm. And before installing Helm,
you must first have a functional Kubernetes cluster and kubectl installed and configured
on your local computer with the right login details set up in the kubeconfig file to work
with the intended Kubernetes cluster. Now Helm can be installed on Linux, Windows or Mac OS systems.
We will go over the instructions on installing Helm on Linux systems in this lecture.
Systems with Snap can install Helm using the snap install helm command.
Use the classic option to install a more relaxed sandbox that gives the app a bit more access to
the host system. So rather than strictly isolating it to its separate environment.
This way, Helm can easily access the kubeconfig file in your home directory. So it knows how to
connect to our Kubernetes cluster. For apt-based systems, such as the Debian or Ubuntu, follow the
instructions to add key and sources list before installing Helm. And for PKG, run the package
install Helm command. Always refer to the latest instructions from the documentation pages to
install Helm for your version of operating system. Well, that's all for now. Head over
to the labs and practice working with installing Helm on our lab environment.